Course Gen AI
    Course Generation platform with AI Integrated
    Can Create COurses and customize it as per your needs and AI will craete the Course For you. 
    Can Add Multiple Units , and hits OpenAI API to craete courses and units and chapters. and then use YOutibe API to get the Videos with most views
    For each chapter it hits a youtube api and then get a transcript and then geneerate questions and concept check , we will feed the transcript to open ai and it will generate questions
    After the generation of course , we can see all the units and the youtibe video based on chatper title and summary 

    THe AI Generates Mulriple Chapters for Each Unit and then creates them 
    Built Using Prompt Engineering


    Tech Stack:
        1. Next Auth 
        2. NextJs and ReatJs
        3. Tailwind CSS and ShadCN UI
        4. Backend - OpenAI API , Youtube API , Unsplash API [get the images]
        5. Stripe Integration FOr payment service 
        6. Deploy to a VPS [DIgital Ocean provides VPS] [Comp hosted on CLoud , rent them and run them on it]
            Cannot Deploy on Vercel , because it limits Function ececutioin time of 5 sec , to execute we need more time to generate courses, we are mlmited by free tier of vercel , so we can self host NextJs Application
        7. Github Actions CI/CD upon Code Push
        8. Dockerizing the Project
        9. Link up Domain Name with SSL Certificate to VPS.
        10.MySQL
        11.Prisama ORM
        12.TypeScript
        13.React Query - It is a way to handle mutations and anything that handles hitting of backend end point [Library for server side state management]
        


Data MOdel:
    COurse , UNits and Chapters

    Course is the highest level in the hierarchy 
    Inside the course there are multiple units , title sof sub topics 
    Inside each unit there are multiple chapeters adn each are a small part and chapters contain youtube video , summary and questions.


JSON GPT generation
    Producing valid json is difficult from open ai models, so found a github repo , that is a library taht wtaps the gpt api such taht we can
    give api the idela json shapre and api produces teh correct json 

    We ask gpt to output json, if our shape is not produced the ideal shape and format we take teh error and fed it back to gpt and asking to generate in , till a correct json is created

Vercel has 10 sec of of serverless fucniotn , but our API takes more than 10mseconds so we can tuse vercel free tier 
   Beofre deploying to VPS  we need to setup to the VPS, gives 200$ free credits 
   Digital Ocean is one that provides  

Next build gives us the server setup

Need to Implemetn CICD using Github Actions or Use a declartive Piepeline using Jenkins, Will be soon doing it.
